not
hello to all and the boj hope you
are finally we are on was 15
today little explanations on the
update that had on the transfers
that night we all did well
quilt there are no other words they have
added a fork on the purchase
players is so naturally the
sale
I will show you simply
what is it if you do not have
followed
I recently bought to buy arjan
robben for a million three hundred and thirty
thousand credit today I can the
sell between 750 thousand credit and a
million hundred thousand
so it's a mandatory range
who posed the same by seven by all these
players so a player a fork there
today if I want to buy robben
it's at least 750 miles and a maximum
million hundred thousand here I want to sell it
it's the same thing so we all
lost I lost we'll say between
a million and a half and two million
credits pretty much by because of this
fork there and I have some friends who have
lost wrongs to say almost 10
millions of credits so that's it
rabies is a very very very very
bad thing for fifa 15 was 15
however, it may be a good
thing for fifa cèze south 16
so we'll see there for once we do
all the players almost the prices have
dropped by a few hundred thousand
of credits same thing with with manu
besides see I had bought 600
miles almost credit and I can the
resell 440 miles maximum and minimum
of 190 million that we all lost
a lot of credit where I am
very very unhappy is that it falls
like that it's overnight
you ask that and you are told nothing where
it would have been interesting if we were
already base date of the basic advertised
to also consult the community
it's still us who play in game
this is what we who injecting
the real money on fifa points by
example or for people who buy
credits
so that's also why they
have added that to condemn
completely purchases of credits on
internet but that's what is sure
it is that I have the impression that everything is
does for us nothing goes in the direction
players finally because if this
is only 7 these credits
is there is a reason to leave a
first time the fifa points it did not
operated him that shit he got
said I'll buy direct
credit it costs less people come
the more I can take the lead
here on the other side there are all
people
who do not make third party purchases that this
whether it is fifa or whether it is credits
on the internet that simply make
resale purchase
there you shoot them in the
foot too and that's it in all I
believe I think today we are
is all on the same wavelength in
say you sold us some
super goalkeeper at the end of the game
guards stinks shit you told us
one day we will improve our servers to
waiters it's been three years that stinks the
shit and you do not answer a fork
transfer of players which are in
has absolutely nothing to wank and it's
not at all what we want and basically
I feel like it's all
is made to piss me off
personally I am very disappointed because
that I lost a lot of credit and and
on one side I tell myself we'll see on foot 16
if it's going to give something good there
where I'm happy it's for
people more or less who had not
a lot of credit that will be able to get
to afford to buy ben here if you
look at me ribery my cowardice 450 455
400 5000 fucking credit I have trouble
today he admits that 380 thousand max
so with a little luck you
chopper to something like 300,000
so here I'm happy because everything
the world is going to be able a little can
buy the players that he n etc and the
players have dropped dramatically on the
totti is the same you take see
will watch we will look at his recipes
for example I do I do it live
I have not edit recipe will go over enough
clear there is a blue pack there was no
wifi was no whistle everyone
waiting to see what will happen
which is sure friends anyway I
think it very sincerely it can not
to be sure but I think so
it will not be any change we set
not an update all players
moan I think he does not care
royally our opinion enjoy direct
so here we go we will suffer what is it
what to do if you want to do a
little bit of resale purchase credit
do it on regular type players
thomas müller guy I think she
it's not bad too
whitey fumel this trip wash of the price
strong at 8000 credit can be resold said
make me do that 2000 credit you go
tell me but here it 2000 2000
there all that is going to be coal on
siph very strong regular players and everything
Remember that the seasons but we will
try to see a little bit about it
will happen all that
there for once we are all in the same
shit we got all swollen it's
done it's done it's useless
crying or anything your team
to not change your players you not
taken away it's just that they lost a
huge value and that if you had planned
to resell them but that's it if you
are done balls and like all the
world
I had made my team there for
the series the beast on the chain that
you will discover where you have
discovered
I think the first episode to
to appear after this video and I hope
that the concept will please you I had
bought there are toured look and 539000
credit today tattered big max 4
440 miles so that's all it fucks
balls because it's time spent
to play is time spent buying
resale and today we lost
a lot of time a lot of energy
for once again a game that we
flows
and here that knows not when it's not
crap servers bc a fork
we're fighting royally
balls just after the fork is
well sealed at the atrium the apl a triangle
high and one that does not change
yet the same shit is the
guards who stinks
so here we are consult your
players consult if you do not want
make the effort to go talk to all
fifa players makes at least the effort
to watch videos of people who
make videos on your game take to
less life when I see everything at
the time on twitter booska nec who the
sites on twitter and who says that becomes
really big no matter what
it's still in quotation marks
dieye partners if even he pisses you
above
ask yourself questions no stuck corner
this is a little bit for you
explain the fork so we
recaps
today you are forced to buy
a player and a minimum price and a price
same thing for sale
see the baule at 6 for example its 52 me
credit today I can one of between
them 17025 here I am for those who have not
too much understood I recap
that's it, because the prices of
players have dropped a lot if ever
you lucky not to have
bought two players for a long time
to be a good thrifty it's time to
to please you and and listen
we will try to see what will happen
spend in the next few days I will you
may not be it's me your opinion
in the comments and and if that has you
please this little information video
you put a small lake or a small
dislike if you do not have but if you
have not been satisfied with this
free information to you and and that's it
discuss it in the comments all
together you leave me your opinion and
then we will see the progress of all that and I
you might make a video
number 2 for the advancement of
this story but I think that
overall, it's not going too much
boulet here is your opinion
subscribe if it's not already done
and I tell you very quickly friends
wear you well chained round